2017-JAN-09:

Completed topics:
About the content of training and python mem

Create git hub public repository, and push some files to that repository
Read about python features

Assignments on 2017-JAN-10:





1. write a program to findout 
2. write a program to chek given substring is there in actual string or not? (search should be case insensitive)
3. take a number from the user and check whether even or odd
4. take a number from the user and check whether it is prime?
5. take a string from the user and check contains only digits or not?
6. take a string from the user and check contains only  alphabets or not?
7. take a string from the user and check contains only  special chars or not?
8. take a string from the user and check contains only  capiatl letters or not?
9. take a string from the user and check contains only  small letters or not?
10. Show the below menu to the user until and until user select quit and display corresponding os message

'''
Menu:
1. windows
2. Linux
3. Mac
4. quit
'''

11. take a string from the user and check contains atleast one digit or not?
12. take a string from the user and check contains atleast one alphabets or not?
13. take a string from the user and check contains atleast one chars or not?
14. take a string from the user and check contains atleast one capital letter or not?
15. take a string from the user and check contains atleast one small letter or not?
16. Take the input from the user for(Total number of people, toatl number of busses, Number of seats for bus). Based on the input
	Deside whether there is sufficient busses or not and give solution for how many extra busses required.
17. Print the first 100 odd numbers
18. Determine the factors of a number entered  by the user
19. Play a number guessing game (User enters a guess, you print YES or Higher or Lower)
20. Take two numbers from the user a,b check whether a is divisible by b or not?
21. Given an age, figure out whether someone's a baby, toddler, child, teenager, adult or old codger.
22. Find the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1000

23. Write a program to findout big of two numbers
24. Write a program to findout biggest number in the given numbers.
1. findout third occurance of given substring
2. findout nth occurance of given substring